{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lohit Devanagari;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\loch\f4\fs28\lang1033 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sl288\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sl288\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf1\i\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/5.1.4.2$Linux_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/10m0$Build-2}{\info{\creatim\yr2016\mo9\dy25\hr20\min22}{\revtim\yr2016\mo9\dy26\hr15\min47}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}\deftab709
\hyphauto0\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\widctlpar\hyphpar0{\i0\ul\ulc0\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Dynamic Content}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\widctlpar\hyphpar0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab All of the web pages related to search results will be dynamic. The results of the search results will depend on the class name, author name, teacher name, note ratings, date ranges, and note titles. Depending on what criteria is used or omitted in the search, results will be different. The results can then be sorted by the previously stated criteria. Each result will include the title of the notes as a hyperlink connecting to the notes and all of the other information as smaller text below the link. All of the search data will be stored in a database table for easy querying. The information in the database about each of the note entries will be gathered when the notes are uploaded to the application except for the rating. Ratings for uploads will depend on the user approval of the notes. Only when a search result is clicked will the actual notes document be retrieved and displayed. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\widctlpar\hyphpar0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab Once notes are in view, the comments on the actual notes themselves will appear as well. Comments are our second form of dynamic content. When a professor or student has a question or comment about someone\u8217\'92s notes they can attach a text to the notes page for all users to see. These comments will be stored in a separate database table that additionally logs exactly where the comment was attached to the notes. This feature adds the ability for the notes to be altered and corrected without requiring the original author to re-upload the notes. In addition to allowing modifications to the notes, we hope that commenting will create discussion among the users of the application and spur interaction between classmates. }
\par }